What do you mean?
He is fake
Xu Ding came to find trouble at the return banquet before
Mingming
Lord Jiu Ge has proved the truth of the prince
He still thinks the prince is fake
It's still the same today
I don't know what his purpose is
minister of divinity
You said that the word side by side king is false
What evidence do you have?
Xu Ding, you don't want your life anymore
Brother Jiu, you can't threaten me
Don't go too far
How can you say that?
I'm worried about being impersonated once and pick up the king
That's for the good of the temple
Do you want the Temple Lord to be imitated?
I know it's nonsense
So I brought this information with me.
So let me show you.
I'd like to see it
What information can you come up with?